Making produce/consume example outcome explicit (#398)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: _includes/quickstarts/create-commands.md

kubectl -n kafka run kafka-producer -ti --image=quay.io/strimzi/kafka:{{site.data.releases.operator[0].version}}-kafka-{{site.data.releases.operator[0].defaultKafkaVersion}} --rm=true --restart=Never -- bin/kafka-console-producer.sh --bootstrap-server my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap:9092 --topic my-topic
```

> If all goes well, you should get a prompt in which to type messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once everything is set up correctly, you'll see a prompt where you can type in your messages:
```

```shell
If you don't see a command prompt, try pressing enter.

>Hello strimzi!
```

And to receive them in a different terminal, run:

```shell
kubectl -n kafka run kafka-consumer -ti --image=quay.io/strimzi/kafka:{{site.data.releases.operator[0].version}}-kafka-{{site.data.releases.operator[0].defaultKafkaVersion}} --rm=true --restart=Never -- bin/kafka-console-consumer.sh --bootstrap-server my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap:9092 --topic my-topic --from-beginning
```

> If all goes well, you should see the message produced in the previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything works as expected, you'll be able to see the message you produced in the previous step:
```
